# Matplotlib_Challenge

## Assignment Overview
The data used to complete the following analysis report was provided by Pymaceuticals Inc., a pharmaceutical company based out of San Diego specializing in anti-cancer pharmaceuticals. In its most recent efforts, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.
I have been given access to their complete data from their recent animal study were 249 mice identified with SCC tumor growth were treated through a variety of drug regimens. Tumor development was observed and measured over 45 days. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals' drug of interest, Capomulin, versus the other treatment regimens. My task is to generate all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the study, as well as, produce a top-level summary of the study results.

## Observations and Insights
*  An initial review of the Summary Statistics generated from the results of the study revealed that Pymaceuticals' drug of interest, Capomulin, and Ramicane performed better at reducing the tumor volume of the mice participating in the treatment regimens. In fact, Ramicane has a slightly lower tumor volume than Capomulin with a smaller standard error of the mean which indicates that Ramicane tumor volume mean is a more accurate estimate of the population mean.
*  The gender participation comparison depicted in the pie chart reveals that slightly more male mice were treated in this study than female mice. The difference is not enough to make the sex characteristic a significant variable in this study.
*  A chart was generated for four drug regimens of interest (Capomulin, Ramicane, Ceftamin, and Infubinol). The results of this comparison indicate that Ramicane and Capomulin produced lower tumor volumes than Ceftamin and Infubinol. This comparison also revealed that fewer mice were treated with Ceftamin and Infubinol. The lower number of treated mice may have an impact on the overall accuracy of the results. More mice should be treated with Ceftamin and Infubinol to determine if the lower treated count is a significant factor of the final results.
*  An isolated review of a Capomulin treated mouse over 45 days was generated. The tumor volume for Mouse ID t565 decreased over the 45 days of receiving the drug regimen. The results support the assumption that there is a case to made that Capomulin reduces tumor volume in mice.
*  There was also a positive correlation between the treated mice's averege weight and their final tumor volume. Here the assumption can be made that tumor volume can be determined by the mouse's average weight.